docs(guides): add a guide on monorepo-style development (#1037)
nrwl/nx: docs/fundamentals/build-like-google.md

- Everything at that current commit works together
- Easy to split code into lib modules, easy to compose them
- Easier dependency management
- One build setup (Angular CLI)
- Code editors and IDEs are "workspace" aware
- Consistent developer experience

To see how Nx delivers all of these, start with an empty Nx workspace:

## Folder Structure

```
apps/
libs/
tools/
angular.json
nx.json
package.json
tsconfig.json
tslint.json
```

An empty workspace has several root-level configuration files and the folders for applications, libraries, and tools. Since an Nx workspace is an Angular CLI workspace, most configuration files are created by Angular CLI. The only exception is `nx.json`, which contains Nx-specific configuration.

## Applications and Libraries

Nx supports two types of **projects**: applications from libraries.

- An **application** is anything that can run in the browser or on the server. It's similar to a binary.

> - A **library** is a piece of code with a well-defined public API. A library can be imported into another library or application. You cannot run a library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A **library** is a sharable piece of code which can be imported into an application or another library. Libraries have a well-defined public API but cannot be run.
```

### Applications

> Out of the box, Nx comes with two schematics for creating applications.

Reviewer: The content is great but I think it's not fundamental to better understanding what an application is.

I feel like this should describe applications in more business terminology such as: _product, app, api, tool, project_

- `ng g application myapp` will create an Angular application.
- `ng g node-application myapp` will create a Node.js application using Nest.

Creating a new Angular application will result in something like this:

```
apps/
  myapp/
    src/
      app/
      assets/
      environments/
      favicon.ico
      index.html
      main.ts
      polyfills.ts
      styles.css
      test.ts
    browserslist
    jest.conf.js
    tsconfig.json
    tsconfig.app.json
    tsconfig.spec.json
    tslint.json
  myapp-e2e/
    ...
libs/
  ...
tools/
  ...
angular.json
nx.json
package.json
tsconfig.json
tslint.json
```

You can run:

- `ng serve myapp` to serve the application
- `ng build myapp` to build the application
- `ng test myapp` to test the application
- `ng lint myapp` to lint the application

Using an Nx workspace with a single Angular application is almost identical to using a standard CLI project.

> ### Libraries

Reviewer: Similar to the applications section, I feel like this should be a more business oriented.

Key points in my opinion are:
* Libraries are sharable
* Without Nx, the process takes weeks
* Their dependencies are tracked
  * These dependencies can be visualized
  * Dependencies can be constrained
  * The effects of changing them can be tested across all areas which depend on them which prevents bugs.

- `ng test mylib` to test the library
- `ng lint mylib` to lint the library

To be able to build a library independently, you can pass `--publishable` when creating it. You can then run `ng build mylib` to build it, and then publish the results to an NPM registry.

You can import library like this:

```typescript
import { SomeToken } from '@myorg/mylib';
```

The `@myorg` scope is configured in `nx.json`.

### Sharing Code

Without Nx creating a new shared library can take weeks: a new repo needs to be provisioned, CI needs to be set up, etc.. In an Nx Workspace it takes minutes:

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jMql4zzDxZM" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

It's hard to overstress how powerful this is. If it takes days or weeks to create a new reusable library, few will do it. As a result, developers will either duplicate the code or put it in a place where it does not belong. When it is easy to scaffold and configure a reusable library within minutes (instead of days), only then will developers invest in building and maintaining reusable libraries.

> ### Understanding Your Nx Workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Understanding Your Organization
```

    "depConstraints": [
       {
          "sourceTag": "shared",
          "onlyDependOnLibsWithTags": ["shared"]
       },
       {
          "sourceTag": "admin",
          "onlyDependOnLibsWithTags": ["shared", "admin" ]
       },
       {
          "sourceTag": "client",
          "onlyDependOnLibsWithTags": ["shared", "client" ]
       },
       {
          "sourceTag": "*",
          "onlyDependOnLibsWithTags": ["*"]
       }
     ]
  }
]
```

![Lint Error](./lint-error.png)

## Tools & Automation

In addition to implementing monorepo-style of development, Nx brings in another key element of Google dev culture--emphasis on tooling.

### Workspace Schematics

Schematics is what what powers all Angular CLI (and Nx) code generation. With Nx, you can easily define workspace-specific schematics that you can then use to enforce best practices. Read more about it [here](TODO).

### Code Formatting

Pointing out code formatting issue isn't the best way to spend the time allocated for code reviews. We know that, and that's why Nx comes with Prettier support. Run:

```
yarn format:write # formats the files

yarn format:check # checks that the formatting is correct (used in CI)
```

> ## Understanding Nx.json

Reviewer: I believe this belongs in a folder structure guide
